Dedicated JavaScript page (#178)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/reference/javascript.mdx

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'JavaScript'
---

import Link from '../../../components/Link';

### Platforms

Avo can generate JavaScript code targeted at the following platforms

- Web
- React Native
- Node.js

### Quickstart

> Avo functions usage consists of 3 steps.

Reviewer: For future: Here we can add link to the "Type safe code & unit tests" docs section when that's ready, something like:
> Learn more about how Avo Functions can help decrease time spent on implementing analytics and increase data reliability in this guide.

Author: Moved the future plans to TODO comments

#### Step 1. Include the Avo file

##### Avo CLI is available through npm

To install it and get the generated Avo file run the following commands.

```bash
$ npm install -g avo
$ avo login
$ avo pull --branch my-branch-name
```

Learn more about <Link passHref href="/implementation/cli"><a>the CLI here</a></Link>.

You can also <Link passHref href="/explore-tracking-plan/download-or-copy-avo-file-manually"><a>download the file manually</a></Link> from your Avo workspace.

#### Step 2. Initialize Avo

Import Avo from the generated file and initialize it by calling the `initAvo` method before tracking

```javascript

> function initAvo(options, systemProperties, 
>                  destinationOptions, [customDestDestination])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import Avo from './Avo.js'

Avo.initAvo({ env: 'dev' }, [systemProperties], 
                [destinationOptions], [customDestDestination])
```

Author: I had it like this at first, but then thought that the import is actual code and method is a signature 🤔 Does this look ok to you?

Reviewer: I think JS developers like reading the example-ish syntax better than the `function`. The `function` feels more like the implementation of the method rather than the usage. We could skip the import and stick with `Avo.initAvo?

```

> The actual parameters depend on your tracking plan setup, see the parameters explanation in <Link passHref href="/implementation/devs-101#avo-generated-file-init"><a>the initialization overview</a></Link>

Reviewer: Should we link to the method reference below instead?

and you call it like this

```javascript
import Avo from './Avo';

Avo.initAvo({ env: 'dev' }, { ...systemProperties }, {});

> ```

Reviewer: Now when we have the reference documented below I think we can have the code snippet above more example oriented and basically skip this part

#### Step 3. Call Avo functions to track your product usage

> Every event in your tracking plan, marked with the "Implement with Avo" checkmark, gets a function in the generated code, named according to the event name, in lower camel case.

Reviewer: Future: Add link here to the "Implement with Avo" doc in "Tracking Plan Management"

> For example, if you have an event defined like this in Avo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a "Signup Start" event defined like this in Avo:
```

<center style={{ marginBottom: 16 + 'px' }}>
  <img
    style={{ height: 600 + 'px' }}
    src={require('../../../images/signup-start-ui.png')}
    alt="Event 'Signup Start' defined in Avo with referral string property and implement with Avo check"
  />
</center>

You'll be able to call it like this from the generated code

```javascript
Avo.signupStart({ referral: 'direct' });
```

> Notice, that you are not passing the System property with the call. System properties are defined on the init step and then automatically included with all events.
> You can update the system properties with `setSystemProperties` function.

> 

Reviewer: Should we add step 4: Verify the implementation, where we refer to the Avo debuggers and implementation status, linking to more details docs about each?

### Reference

##### initAvo

```javascript

> Avo.initAvo(options, systemProperties, destinationOptions, customDestination);

Reviewer: These are all optional right:
```suggestion
Avo.initAvo(options, [systemProperties], [destinationOptions], [customDestination]);
```

Author: What does the brackets mean? I thought it's optionality, then we need to add it to the customDestination 🤔

Reviewer: Yes they mean optionality! They are on the customDestination am I right?

Author: right, makes sense

```

> Initializes Avo, needs to be called before the tracking methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializes Avo, needs to be called before the tracking methods. This method will initialize the SDKs for all destinations that are managed by Avo, and call the `init` callback in all custom destinations.
```

>
> `destinationOptions`: `{[segment], [amplitude], [mixpanel]}`
>   - `mixpanel`: optional object, if you use Mixpanel destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `mixpanel.init(apiKey, options)` as the second parameter, `options`
>   - `amplitude`: optional object, if you use Amplitude destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `amplitude.init(apiKey, null, options)` as the third parameter, `options`
>   - `segment`: optional object, if you use Segment destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `analytics.load(apiKey, options)` as the second parameter, `options`
>
> `customDestination`: required if given source has a custom destination set up in Avo. Otherwise ignored.
>
> Read more about custom destinations <Link passHref href="/implementation/strat-custom-destination"><a>here</a></Link>.
>
> Find examples of JavaScript custom destinations for each analytics destination in <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations"><a>this section</a></Link>.

##### setAvoLogger

```javascript
Avo.setAvoLogger(avoLogger)
```

> Separarte method to set custom logger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method allows you to provide custom implementation of the logger used by the Avo Functions. Can for example be used to disable logs or change which logging method is used.
```

> > **Arguments**

Reviewer: Remove from quote block

>

> > `avoLogger`: custom implementation of the logger. Can be used to disable logs. <Link passHref href="/implementation/custom-loggers"><a>More about custom loggers</a></Link>  

Reviewer: Moved this description above. Here we should have a description of the `avoLogger` I need to pass in. What is it?

##### setSystemProperties

```javascript
Avo.setSystemProperties(systemProperties)
```

A method to update system properties. If you provide undefined values here corresponding properties won't be updated

> >**Arguments**

Reviewer: Remove from quote block

>

> >`systemProperties`: an object where each field represents a system propety in your tracking plan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>`systemProperties`: an object where each field represents a system property in your tracking plan.
```

> >When you define system properties in your Avo workspace you set name and type - the fileds of this object are named the same as system propertyies, in lower camel case, and you should provide corresponding types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>When you define system properties in your Avo workspace you set name and type - the fields of this object are named the same as your system properties, in camelCase, and you should provide corresponding types.
```

##### Event tracking functions

```javascript

> Avo.yourEventName(properties: { [anonymousUserId_], [userId_], [segmentContext_], [eventProperty0], [eventProperty1], ..., [userProperty0], [userProperty1], ... })

Reviewer: I think we should not mix soruce or destination specific parameters in here. Keep this generic enough so people realize this is totally dependent on their workspace
```suggestion
Avo.yourEventName(properties: { [eventProperty1], [eventProperty2], ..., [userProperty1], [userProperty2], ... })
```

```

> Every event you define in your tracking plan in Avo gets a function named after the event in lower camel case. The arguments of the function depend on how it's defined in your tracking plan 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every event you define in your tracking plan in Avo gets a function named after the event in camelCase. The arguments of the function depend on how it's defined in your tracking plan 
```

> > **Arguments**

Reviewer: Remove from quote block

>
> `anonymousUserId_`: string, Node.js only, this argument is automatically added if corresponding setting is enabled, user to track anonymous users
>
> `userId_`: string
> Node.js: added to all events, you have to either provide it or the `anonymousUserId_`
> Web and React Native: Added if the event has the Identify User action
>
> `eventProperty`: type defined in the Avo tracking plan, can be string, int, long, float, bool, array and any
> This is an event property that should be tracked with given event. Pass the value of the property to track here.
>

> > `userProperty`: type defined in the Avo tracking plan, can be string, int, long, float, bool, array and any

Reviewer: I suggest having these props on top, above anonymousUserId_ and userId_, and maybe have those in an "Additional Arguments" section?

> This is a user property that should be updated with given event. Pass the value of the property to update here.
>
> `segmentContext_`: object, Node.js only, passed down to Segment as the Segment constext, e.g. `segment.track({..., context: context})`

### Destinations

> You can send your data from Javascript to any event based analytics destionation, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send your data using the Avo generated JavaScript code to any data destination that accepts custom events, including:
```

- Amplitude
- FacebookAnalytics
- FullStory
- Mixpanel
- Mixpanel
- Permutive
- Segment
- Snowplow
- ZendeskConnect
- Adobe Analytics
- Apptelemetry
- Rudderstack
- Freshpaint
- Posthog
- Google Analytics 4 / Firebase Analytics
- Heap
- Keen
- Kissmetrics
- LaunchDarkly Events
- Pendo
- Fivetran
- AppsFlyer
- Braze
- Intercom
- A home made SDK

> - Internal API

Reviewer: Todo: Decide how we'll structure the docs for these. For Avo managed destinations we should provide details on which method each Avo action triggers + example of custom destinations. For all non-Avo managed destinations we should provide example of a custom destination.

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'JavaScript'
---

import Link from '../../../components/Link';

### Platforms

Avo can generate JavaScript code targeted at the following platforms

- Web
- React Native
- Node.js

> ### Quickstart

Author: Maybe split quickstart and reference to separate docs 🤔

Reviewer: Good question! Not sure where the quickstart vs reference would live. I don't think we'll be mapping out all the languages in other places in the doc? Maybe stick with it as is for now?

Avo.initAvo({ env: 'dev' }, { ...systemProperties }, {});
```

#### Step 3. Call Avo functions to track your product usage

Every event in your tracking plan, marked with the "Implement with Avo" checkmark, gets a function in the generated code, named according to the event name, in lower camel case.

For example, if you have an event defined like this in Avo

<center style={{ marginBottom: 16 + 'px' }}>
  <img
    style={{ height: 600 + 'px' }}
    src={require('../../../images/signup-start-ui.png')}
    alt="Event 'Signup Start' defined in Avo with referral string property and implement with Avo check"
  />
</center>

You'll be able to call it like this from the generated code

```javascript
Avo.signupStart({ referral: 'direct' });
```

> Notice, that you are not passing the System property with the call. System properties are defined on the init step and then automatically included with all events.
> You can update the system properties with `setSystemProperties` function.

### Reference

##### initAvo

```javascript
Avo.initAvo(options, systemProperties, destinationOptions, customDestination);
```

Initializes Avo, needs to be called before the tracking methods

> > **Arguments**

Author: This is the reference docs format I came up with in the Inspector docs before.

Reviewer: I like it! Should we skip having it a quote block though, I think it should be part of the main content.

>   - `amplitude`: optional object, if you use Amplitude destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `amplitude.init(apiKey, null, options)` as the third parameter, `options`
>   - `segment`: optional object, if you use Segment destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `analytics.load(apiKey, options)` as the second parameter, `options`
>
> `customDestination`: required if given source has a custom destination set up in Avo. Otherwise ignored.
>
> Custom destination is an object with callbacks that Avo triggers when you call the Avo functions to send events. It provides the data ready to be sent to any analytics destination.
> The callback methods mirror the actions you set up for given event in your tracking plan on avo.app.
> <center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img style={{height: 300 + "px"}}
    src={require('../../../images/event-actions.png')}
    alt="List of event actions in Avo: Log Event, Update User Properties, Identify User, Unidentify User, Log Revenue, Log Page View"
  />
</center>

> > Find examples of JavaScript custom destinations for each analytics destination in <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations"><a>this section</a></Link>

Author: Linked destination is coming in this pr https://github.com/avohq/docs/pull/180

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'JavaScript'
---

import Link from '../../../components/Link';

> ### Avo can generate JavaScript code based on your tracking plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code generated JavaScript functions based on your tracking plan
```

> The code gives you access to JavaScript functions, each function representing an event, identification, user properties update, page view, revenue or mix of those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated code gives you access to JavaScript functions, each function representing an event, user identification, user properties update, page view, revenue or mix of those as they are defined in your tracking plan.
```

We call those functions Avo functions.

You invoke the Avo functions, provide tracking parameters and 

> - Avo takes care of verifying that your tracking call is correct according to the defined tracking plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avo verifies that your tracking is correct according to the defined tracking plan. It verifies that all required properties are provided, correctly spelled and their value fit what's expected by your tracking plan. Preventing the time consuming back-and-forth required to align on what to track and how, and to verify the tracking is correctly implemented.
```

> - Avo also tracks your functions usage in development and reports if a call of particular function was seen or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avo also tracks your functions usage in development and reports if a call of particular function was seen or not, both in your CI with the Avo CLI and in your Tracking Plan on avo.app.
```

> > It's useful to get the overview of the tracking implementartion when working on new tracking. 

Reviewer: This callout block breaks up the list. Maybe we should move it below

You can also get more insights into dev implementation and actual production state of your tracking with <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/implementation-status#inspector-implementation-status"><a>the Inspector implementation status</a></Link>

- Eventually Avo sends the data to the destinations it manages and calls the callbacks (called custom destinations) you provided when initializing

### Handling tracking plan changes

When tracking plan changes, you generate the file again and swap the old file with the new one. Avo manages the merge conflicts inside the file.
Then, if the existing events changed, you'll have to update your Avo functions calls according to the new tracking plan to pass the runtime checks in the Avo file.
You'll also get access to the new events defined in your tracking plan after the previous generated code update.

> 

Reviewer: I feel like everything up to this point could be a more generic intro to Avo Functions in the docs. I think the Reference doc should be purely focused on the technical specs, and how to get up and running.

Author: But will people read the generic doc before this one? I wanted this to have enough info to get started with some basic understanding

Reviewer: We should reference it on top to point people towards it if they feel the need to. I feel like the expectation when opening a specific reference doc is "just show me how it works", and skip the focus on value props etc, that's handled in the guides.

Author: I see, was not treating this as a 100% reference page

Reviewer: Ye I think it's good to have some text around things, but I think we'll have other sections focusing on the Problem & Solution part

### Platforms

Avo can generate JavaScript code targeted at the following platforms

- Web
- React Native 
- Node.js

> ### Destinations

Reviewer: Should we move this below the quickstart? The long list takes up precious real estate here

Author: +1

You can send your data from Javascript to any event based analytics destionation, including

- Amplitude
- FacebookAnalytics
- FullStory
- Mixpanel
- Mixpanel
- Permutive
- Segment
- Snowplow
- ZendeskConnect
- Adobe Analytics
- Apptelemetry
- Rudderstack
- Freshpaint
- Posthog
- Google Analytics 4 / Firebase Analytics
- Heap
- Keen
- Kissmetrics
- LaunchDarkly Events
- Pendo
- Fivetran
- AppsFlyer
- Braze

> - Intercom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intercom
- A home made SDK
- Internal API
```

> ### How to track

Reviewer: I feel like this section should be on top, and maybe called Quickstart, what do you think?

Avo functions usage consists of 3 steps.

#### Step 1. Include the Avo file 

It can be done with the Avo CLI or manually

##### Avo CLI is available through npm

To install it and get the generated Avo file run the following commands.

```bash
$ npm install -g avo
$ avo login
$ avo pull --branch my-branch-name
```

Learn more about <Link passHref href="/implementation/cli"><a>the CLI here</a></Link>.

> ##### To download the file manually navigate to Implementat tab in the side menu, then pick your source and press "Click to generate your Avo file" panel

Author: ```suggestion
##### To download the file manually navigate to the Implement tab in the side menu, then pick your source and press "Click to generate your Avo file" panel
```

<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../../images/generate-avo-file-manually.png')}
    alt="Implementation - Click to generate your Avo file"
  />
</center>

Your file will be generated after that and you'll be able to download or copy it from there.

#### Step 2. Initialize Avo

Import Avo from the generated file

```javascript
import Avo from './Avo';
```

Before tracking anything with Avo you need to initialize it be calling the `initAvo` method, that looks similar to this

```javascript
function initAvo(options, systemProperties, destinationOptions, customDestDestination)
```

> The actual parameters depend on your tracking plan setup, see the parameters explanation in <Link passHref href="/implementation/devs-101#avo-generated-file-init"><a>the initialization overview</a></Link>

Reviewer: I think we should have the interfaced mapped out here. We could replace the js block above with 
a classic js function definition:

```
Avo.initAvo(options, [system properties], [destinationOptions], [customDestination] ...etc)
```
And then define the types used above below. We could take inspo from Lodash here, with the interface defined on top, followed by Arguments and Example: https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#indexOf

and you call it like this

```javascript
Avo.initAvo(
  { env: 'dev', noop: false, strict: false, avoLogger: avoLogger, inspector: avoInspector },
  { ...systemProperties },

>   { appsFlyer: { appId: 'XXXXXX' } },

Reviewer: I think we should avoid too much granularity here to keep it simple, maybe only have the required params in the options object, and skip the inline defined custom destination?

Author: Maybe provide both options? I imagine this to be the only JS dedicated source in the docs so probably makes sense to cover everything here?

Reviewer: Yes, maybe have a more granular custom destination example below. Or do it in the JS <> Custom specific doc?

Author: sounds good

  customDestination
);
```

> #### About the custom destinations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Initializing with a custom destination
```

> The last parameter in `initAvo` is special. If you choose to send your tracking to a custom destination in the Avo UI, it will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to send your tracking to a custom destination in the Avo UI, a parameter for it will be added to the `initAvo` method.
```

> Custom destination is a callback that Avo calls after all the checks. It provides the data ready to be sent to any analytics destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom destination is an object with callback methods that Avo triggers when you call the Avo functions to send events. It provides the data ready to be sent to any analytics destination.
```

> The callback methods mirror the actions you set up for given event in your tracking plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The callback methods mirror the actions you set up for given event in your tracking plan on avo.app.
```

<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../../images/event-actions.png')}
    alt="List of event actions in Avo: Log Event, Update User Properties, Identify User, Unidentify User, Log Revenue, Log Page View"
  />

> </center>

Reviewer: This should be text!

Author: What do you mean?

Reviewer: The screenshot contains the list of available actions with descriptions, we should map them out in text (or link to a place that does) to make the content more accessible, searchable etc

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Add title above this example

Reviewer: Should we collapse this somehow since it's only relevant when using a custom destination?

Author: We can keep it in the `JS x Destination` docs

import Avo from './Avo';

// An object representing your custom destination
// that you pass into initAvo():

var customDestination = {
  make: function (env) {
    // called at the end of the initAvo call

>     // You should initialize your analytics destination here, if you have not doen it before

Author: ```suggestion
    // You should initialize your analytics destination here, if you have not done it before
```

    analytics.load(apiKey, options);
  },
  logEvent: function (eventName, eventProperties) {
    // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Log Event action
    analytics.track(eventName, eventProperties);
  },
  setUserProperties: function (userId, userProperties) {
   // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Update User Propreties action
   analytics.identify(userProperties);
  },
  identify: function (userId) {
    // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Identify User action
    analytics.identify(userId, {});
  },
  unidentify: function () {
    // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Unidentify User action
    analytics.identify(null, {});
  },
  revenue: function(amount, eventProperties) {
    // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Log Revenue action
    analytics.track("revenue", {"revenue": amount});
  },
  page: function(pageName, eventProperties) {
    // called when you invoke Avo functions with the Log Page View action
    analytics.page(eventName, eventProperties);
  }
};
```

#### Step 3. Call Avo functions to track your product usage

> Every event in your tracking plan, marked with the "Implement with Avo" checkmark, gets a function in the generated code, name according to the event name, in lower camel case.

Author: ```suggestion
Every event in your tracking plan, marked with the "Implement with Avo" checkmark, gets a function in the generated code, named according to the event name, in lower camel case.
```

For example, if you have an event defined like this in Avo

<center style={{marginBottom: 16 + "px"}}>
  <img
    src={require('../../../images/signup-start-ui.png')}
    alt="Event 'Signup Start' defined in Avo with referral string property and implement with Avo check"
  />

> </center>

Reviewer: Make this screenshot smaller

Reviewer: Should we leave the system property out of this screenshot to avoid unnecessary confusion?

You'll be able to call it like this from the generated code

```javascript
Avo.signupStart({ referral: "direct" });

> ```

Reviewer: Should we use the same lodash pattern here, where we have the conventional function definition, followed by an example?

```
Avo.signupStart(properties)
```
Arguments:
- properties: ...

Example:
...

> > Notice, that you are not passing the System property with the call. System properties are defined on the init step and then automatically included with all events.

Reviewer: OK sold, let's keep it 💅

> You can update the system properties with `setSystemProperties` function.

Reviewer: We should have a reference here, listing out all the available methods and their interfaces, maybe call it "Other methods" or something?

Or have it a "Reference" section where we list out all the methods again, including initAvo and event functions.

Author: I see, makes sense

### Quickstart

Avo functions usage consists of 4 steps.

#### Step 1. Include the Avo file

##### Pull the generated code with the Avo CLI

> To get the Avo generated JavaScript file you must be a member of an Avo workspace with a JavaScript source. Ask for an invite from a colleague or create a [new workspace](link to https://avo.app/onboarding)

Reviewer: The link in my suggestion wasn't ready for prime time 😬  I think we need a <Link> component here and stuff right?

Author: Looks like native `md` link just works like this [new workspace](https://avo.app/onboarding)

Author: Except for opening in new tab, will switch to href for that

Avo functions usage consists of 4 steps.

[//]: # (TODO For future: Here we can add link to the "Type safe code & unit tests" docs section when that's ready, something like:)

> [//]: # (TODO Learn more about how Avo Functions can help decrease time spent on implementing analytics and increase data reliability in this guide.)

Reviewer: TIL! Didn't know how to make comments in markdown 💡

Import Avo from the generated file and initialize it by calling the `initAvo` method before tracking

```javascript
import Avo from './Avo';

Avo.initAvo({ env: 'dev' }, [systemProperties], [destinationOptions], [customDestDestination]);
```

> The actual parameters depend on your tracking plan setup, see the parameters explanation in <Link passHref href="/implementation/reference/javascript#refeernce#initAvo#arguments"><a>the reference below</a></Link>

Reviewer: Linking this link in the Vercel build doesn't take me to the Reference section 🤔

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual parameters depend on your tracking plan setup, see the parameters explanation in <Link passHref href="/implementation/reference/javascript#refeernce#initAvo#arguments"><a>the reference below</a></Link>.
```

> You can update the system properties with `setSystemProperties` function.

#### Step 4. Verify the implementation

Use the <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/implementation-status"><a>Implementation status</a></Link> in your Avo workspace and the <Link passHref href="/explore-tracking-plan/start-using-visual-debuggers"><a>visual debuggers</a></Link> to verify that your implementation is correct.

### Reference

#### initAvo

```javascript
Avo.initAvo(options, [systemProperties], [destinationOptions], [customDestination]);
```

Initializes Avo, needs to be called before the tracking methods. This method will initialize the SDKs for all destinations that are managed by Avo, and call the `make(env)` callback in all custom destinations.

##### Arguments

  `options`: `{env, [noop], [strict], [avoLogger], [inspector], [mobileDebugger]}`
  - `env`: string, one of 'dev', 'prod' or 'staging'. 
  - `[noop = false]`: optional bool, if set, Avo won't make any network calls (no tracking) in development and staging environments. Note that the noop flag is ignored in production. 

>   - `[strict = false]`: optional bool, if set, Avo will throw an exception when it detects a tracking problem in development or staging. Note that the noop flag is ignored in production. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `[strict = false]`: optional bool, if set, Avo will throw an exception when it detects a tracking problem in development or staging. Note that the strict flag is ignored in production. 
```

>   - `[avoLogger]`: optional custom implementation of the logger. Can be used to disable logs. <Link passHref href="/implementation/custom-loggers"><a>More about custom loggers</a></Link>  

Reviewer: Should we provide the JavaScript specific doc for this here?

>   - `[inspector]`: optional Avo Inspector object. If you use Avo Inspector pass it here to make the Avo functions automatically report the invocations to the Avo Inspector. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `[inspector]`: optional Avo Inspector instance. If you use Avo Inspector pass it here to make the Avo functions automatically report the invocations to the Avo Inspector. 
```

  - `[mobileDebugger]`: React Native specific and optional Avo Debugger instance. Pass it to make the Avo functions automatically show the functions calls and all the errors in the visual debugger. Check <a target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://github.com/avohq/react-native-analytics-debugger">React Native mobile debugger repo</a> to learn more about it.

`systemProperties`: an object where each field represents a system property in your tracking plan. 
When you define system properties in your Avo workspace you set name and type - the fields of this object are named the same as system properties, in lower camel case, and you should provide corresponding types.

`destinationOptions`: `{[segment], [amplitude], [mixpanel]}`

  - `mixpanel`: optional object, if you use Mixpanel destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `mixpanel.init(apiKey, options)` as the second parameter, `options`
  - `amplitude`: optional object, if you use Amplitude destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `amplitude.init(apiKey, null, options)` as the third parameter, `options`

>   - `segment`: optional object, if you use Segment destination managed by Avo, this object will be passed to `analytics.load(apiKey, options)` as the second parameter, `options`

Reviewer: We should clarify here that the key is a camelCased version of your destination name, right?

Author: Of course, have not realized that 😬

`customDestination`: required if given source has a custom destination set up in Avo. Otherwise ignored.

> Read more about custom destinations <Link passHref href="/implementation/strat-custom-destination"><a>here</a></Link>.

Reviewer: This link takes me to a 404 in Vercel :o

> Find examples of JavaScript custom destinations for each analytics destination in <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations"><a>this section</a></Link>.

Reviewer: Should we link to a Javascript specific doc? Currently takes me to a 404 on the Vercel build.
 
I also think we should provide the basic interface here inline, what do you think?

Author: Yeah, this one is in pr #180 🤔

Author: Going to add an example, and the link is something for the future

```

A method to update system properties. If you provide undefined values here corresponding properties won't be updated

##### Arguments

`systemProperties`: an object where each field represents a system property in your tracking plan. 
When you define system properties in your Avo workspace you set name and type - the fields of this object are named the same as system properties, in camelCase, and you should provide corresponding types.

#### Event tracking functions

```javascript
Avo.yourEventName(properties: { [eventProperty0], [eventProperty1], ..., [userProperty0], [userProperty1], ..., [userId_], [anonymousUserId_], [segmentContext_], })
```

Every event you define in your tracking plan in Avo gets a function named after the event in camelCase. The arguments of the function depend on how it's defined in your tracking plan 

##### Arguments

`eventProperty`: type defined in the Avo tracking plan, can be string, int, long, float, bool, array and any
This is an event property that should be tracked with given event. Pass the value of the property to track here.

`userProperty`: type defined in the Avo tracking plan, can be string, int, long, float, bool, array and any

> This is a user property that should be updated with given event. Pass the value of the property to update here.

Reviewer: Here we should highlight that the event and property keys are camelCased versions of the event and property names defined in Avo
